Open CRM in the left rail.
p02
The sidebar stacks every kind of customer record: members, gift cards, house accounts,
p03
and the four we cover today.
p04
One page per record type.
p05
Learn where each one lives and you stop guessing which screen holds the answer.
p06
Click Prepaid Books.
p07
A prepaid book is a stack of washes a customer already paid for.
p08
The tiles up top count them: total, active, completed, and how many expire soon.
p09
In today's capture those numbers were still loading,
p10
but the labels tell you exactly what to read.
p11
Now the list itself.
p12
Six columns, and two do the work on a call:
p13
Remaining tells you washes left, Expiration tells you the deadline.
p14
The rows failed to load in this capture,
p15
so read the column headers and refresh live before you promise a customer anything.
p16
Click Vehicles.
p17
This is the master plate list, nearly four thousand cars.
p18
The tiles loaded here: total vehicles, active members, flagged, and new this month.
p19
When a plate gets flagged at the gate, Flagged is your first stop.
p20
Scroll to the list.
p21
Seven columns: plate, make and model, year, customer, location, status, last visit.
p22
For a dispute you want License Plate and Status.
p23
The rows hit the same fetch error, but the tiles above prove the data is there.
p24
It just didn't stream into the table.
p25
Click Retail Customers.
p26
This one is bare on purpose.
p27
No tiles, no charts, just a search box and five columns:
p28
customer, plate, home location, email, phone.
p29
It holds walk-ins and non-members, the people without a full membership record.
p30
Search, read the contact, done.
p31
Click Bundles.
p32
A bundle is a packaged deal a site sells.
p33
The tiles loaded: thirty-two bundles, twenty-eight active, and this month's sales and revenue.
p34
The Revenue by Bundle panel ranks which packages actually move,
p35
so you can see the Monthly Value Pack carrying the month.
p36
Now the list, and this one actually loaded.
p37
Seven columns, and five packages on screen,
p38
from the Summer Special to the Fleet Pack built for fleets.
p39
Watch the Valid At column: some run at every site, others only at a couple.
p40
That column settles most "does this work at my location" questions.
p41
One more entry, Fundraiser, sits right below Bundles.
p42
Do not click it.
p43
Its link goes nowhere and the page was never built.
p44
It is parked, so treat the menu item as a placeholder
p45
and never promise a customer a fundraiser feature from this screen.
p46
So, four lists, one sidebar.
p47
Prepaid Books for washes left and expiry.
p48
Vehicles for plates and flags.
p49
Retail Customers for walk-ins.
p50
Bundles for what's on the menu and where.
p51
Match the ticket to the list, open it, read the row.
p52
That's the whole job on these four screens.